# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the Bum Bum app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Ikati Games (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

## Information Collection and Use

The Application does not collect, process or store any personal data. The Application does not gather information about the location of your mobile device.

## Children

The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. The Service Provider encourages all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. The Service Provider encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider through the Application and/or Services, please contact the Service Provider (kezzyhko@gmail.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

## Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-06-24

## Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at kezzyhko@gmail.com.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)